docs: custom selectors registration (#20687)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-selectors.md

## async method: Selectors.register
* since: v1.8

> Selectors must be registerd before the page that uses it is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selectors must be registered before creating the page.
```
